[ANONYMIZED DOCUMENT]
Original file: August-Newsletter-2025.pdf
Anonymized on: 2025-08-28 17:24:10,685
Entities replaced: 80

--- DOCUMENT CONTENT ---

Person U 
August 2025 
Person M, General Manager, Person O chilly winter to you all. Nothing better than washing the ice from your car windscreen early in the 
morning when it is 0 degrees outside.  Hope you are all keeping warm !!  
Project 1 projects occurring at Person g as we aim to improve the higher level lifts, hot 
water services, pump noises, air conditioning for the warmer weather ahead and waterproofing on the 
building maintenance unit levels Company 13. In the meantime, enjoy Person | outdoor area — it looks great! 
Person | - Person B 
The Person S on Person | is 
completed and officially open for 
Company 14. Thanks to all the residents for 
your patience and cooperation while 
the work was underway. We encour-
age everyone to make the most of 
the new space which will be lovely, 
especially over the warmer months. 
Please remember a gym and pool 
induction is required to access this 
area. Please speak with Concierge 
to book a gym/pool induction if you 
haven’t already done so.  
REMINDER:  DO NOT throw items from your balcony or 
window, especially not onto this area, including but not lim-
ited to cigarette butts, coins, footwear and other rubbish. 
Not only is it inconsiderate, but can be very dangerous to 
those below. Kindly dispose of your items properly. 
Person J (Gym, Pool, Location 3) 
Please respect the shared facilities at all 
times. Changerooms must be left clean 
after Company 14. Do not leave rubbish, tissue pa-
per, or personal items behind.  See photo 
by a concerned resident. 
The Company 14 of phones and cameras in the 
Location 3 are strictly prohibited.  Person } in 
the Location 3 or any common property is not permitted, appro-
priate gym clothing must always be worn when using the 
gym, children must always be supervised in the pool and 
are not permitted in the gym area. 
Failure to comply may result in a breach and gym access 
removed. 
Person g rules are in place for the safety and comfort 
of ALL residents.  Please visit www.eurekaliving.com.au for 
Company 4.  
Dogs and Pets in Person n 
We kindly remind all pet owners to have 
your dogs on leash and under control, or in 
a cage, when walking in the common areas. 
Please avoid congregating in the foyer and 
lift lobbies with your pet and take the next lift if another res-
ident is uncomfortable sharing a lift with your pet. Access 
to dog door in the Person { can be arranged if required. 
Pet owners are responsible for immediately cleaning up 
after their pets in the common areas (foyer, lift lobbies, 
near the main entrance). If assistance is needed, please 
let Concierge know. Failure to do so may result in a breach 
notice and cleaning cost invoiced to the resident. Any per-
sistent issues or nuisance can potentially lead to further 
action by the Person P involving he City of Mel-
bourne. 
Please be mindful as a common courtesy and to ensure 
high building standards. 
Person w 
We’re please to introduce Person ~, our new 
Administration and Person R-
tant. Many of you may have already seen 
him at the concierge desk or the loading 
dock, where he will be assisting residents 
and contractors. Person ~ will generally be on 
duty from 1pm-5PM, Monday to Friday. 
It’s been great having Person ~ as part of the team! 
Person ^ Person v Person ^ limit is 5km/hr. Please 
keep to the left side of the driveway and 
watch for Company 6.  
Yellow lines and speed bumps have been installed to 
avoid speeding, yet we continue to receive reports of vehi-
cles exceeding the limit or not keeping to their side or the 
driveway. 
There is no rush— drive slowly for Company 7. 
Person A Person _ how the Person F 
Location 1 is a significant cultural site for 
the local Company 10, with a Person d 
guide. 
When: Until 31 August 2025  
Person p: [URL] 1-
gardens/whats-on-Location 1/aboriginal-heritage-walk/ 
What’s on in and around Person K: Person V 
Nocturnal is your monthly invite to experi-
ence Company 8 after-hours and 
child free 
When: Until 11 December 2025 
Visit: [URL]
whats-on/nocturnal/ 
Person f (Person k) 
Person g continues its regular charity col-
lection with Person L, giving resi-
dents the chance to make a difference through 
thoughtful donations. Good quality clothing, warm blan-
kets, shoes, bags, accessories, and bric-a-brac are all 
accepted. 
Simply bag your items and bring them down to Concierge 
at any time. For small appliances and gadgets that re-
quires disposal, you may bring it down to our E-waste bin. 
Person G ordering food through delivery apps 
such as DoorDash, Person x etc., kindly 
arrange to meet the delivery person outside 
the front entrance. Company 9 CAN-
NOT be dropped off in the foyer or brought 
up to the apartment. Any Company 9 left in the foyer or 
airlock will be removed and binned.  
To avoid any inconvenience, remember to specify in your 
delivery instructions for the delivery person to wait outside.  
Person C 
The Person C occurs every first and third 
Friday of the month. A booking to Company 14 the goods lift is 
required the night before collection day. Email the loading 
dock [EMAIL] or call 
on 9685 0116. Staff can arrange the booking but cannot 
assist with physically moving your items. Flat dollies, blue 
cages are available for large or heavy Person l items. 
Waste collection services can be suggested if required. 
Flavours of Person H 
Take an unforgettably culinary journey 
through one of the world’s most vibrant and 
culturally diverse cities. 
When: Until 31 August 2025 
Person p: [URL]
Location 1-night-trail 
Person D recent incidents in and around Southbank area, we 
want to ensure that the safety of Person g residents 
remains a priority. Whilst the Security and Concierge staff 
continue to do a great job preventing trespassers, we ask 
residents to stay vigilant at all times. 
Please be mindful of tailgating and alert Concierge or Se-
curity immediately if an unknown person follows you into 
the main entry or Person {.  
Guests must buzz the apartment they are visiting rather 
than tailgating other residents to gain access. 
Person [ for Residents 
From trolleys, umbrellas, screwdriver sets and even a 
jumpstarter for car batteries, concierge has a range of 
useful Person [ for residents to borrow. 
Speak to concierge at the desk if you need any of these. 
We just ask the items are returned promptly so that they 
remain available for other residents  
Now or Person r or Never invites audience to explore 
the profound interconnections between 
past, present and future under the theme, 
“I Person y the Future”. 
When:  21-31 Person e: [URL] 1.vic.gov.au/things-to-do/now
-or-never 
Person z: Person N 
For a limited time, you can enjoy 50% off 
of Company 11 entire food and drinks 
menu . 
When: Sunday to Friday -  3pm til 6pm 
Visit: [URL]
happiness/ 
Beetlejuice the Person m eight-time Person I 
musical is now playing at the Person u-
atre. It’s a feast for the eye and soul! 
When: Until 11 September 2025 
Person p: [URL]
show.aspx?sh=BEETLEJ25 
